One time Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 15 men.  Then the grenade exploded.
Chuck Norris attended a feminist group meeting and came home with his shirt ironed and a sandwich
When Chuck Norris turned 18 , his parents moved out
When Chuck Norris was born the doctor looked at his mother and said "it's a man."
No streets are named Chuck Norris  ...  cause no one crosses Chuck Norris
When Chuck Norris looks at his watch, he tells it what time it is
Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird.
The dinosaurs challenged Chuck Norris once. Once.
I changed my password once to “Chuck Norris” but Facebook denied it for being too strong
Chuck Norris and superman got into a fight once.  The loser had to wear his underpants on the outside.
When Chuck Norris is late for class, the teacher apologizes for being too early
When someone asks Chuck Norris how many push-ups he can do, he responds with, "All of them."
When Chuck Norris left home for college, he told his father, "you're the man of the house now."
Chuck Norris went skydiving and his parachute failed to open, so he took it back the next day for a refund.
Chuck Norris doesn't fart. Because nothing escapes Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris never dials the wrong number. You just picked up the wrong phone.
Harvard University has a degree from Chuck Norris.
I heard someone just shot Chuck Norris...they said on the news the bullet is still in critical condition.
Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.
Chuck Norris put the word “laughter” into the word “manslaughter”
Chuck Norris has a bear skin rug.  It's not dead.  It's just afraid to move.
At night the Boogey Man looks under his bed for Chuck Norris!
Chuck Norris uppercutted a horse and the giraffe was born
At the trial of Chuck Norris, the judge pleaded guilty.
Chuck Norris can start a fire by rubbing two ice cubes together 
Chuck Norris doesn't do push ups, he does earth downs
When Chuck was born he slapped the doctor..
Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.
Chuck was exposed to the coronavirus, and now the virus has to spend the next two weeks in quarantine.
Chuck Norris parents slept with him when they were scared
Scissors tell their children not to run with Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until they give him the information he wants.
Chuck Norris doesn't cut his grass, he stares at it and dares it to grow.
Chuck Norris thought he was wrong once, but he was mistaken.
Chuck Norris went into a McDonald's and ordered a "Whopper"...and he got one.
When Chuck Norris was in school the teachers asked him for permission to go the restroom
Chuck Norris's calendar goes straight from March 31st. To April 2nd. Because nobody fools Chuck Norris.
There used to be a street named Chuck Norris but they had to change the name...because no one crosses Chuck Norris and lives
Chuck Norris doesn't wear a watch. He decides what time it is.
Chuck Norris doesn't have a chin. Under his beard is another fist.
Chuck Norris doesn’t walk.  The earth rotates with every step he takes.
Steel strong enough to cut Chuck Norris's chest hair has still not been discovered by man.
When Chuck Norris was born, he walked out of the womb and slapped the doctor.
When Chuck Norris got pulled over the cop got away with a warning
A cobra once bit Chuck Norris. After 3 days of pain, sorrow, hardship,d iscomfort, and excruciating pain, the poor cobra died.
When Chuck Norris went swimming, the sharks took a day off
When chuck norris stares in the mirror,the mirror looks the other way
Chuck Norris once got into a bar fight. The bar lost
Chuck Norris' tears can cure cancer, too bad Chuck Norris never cries.
Chuck Norris went into a McDonald's and ordered a "Whopper"...and he got one.
Chuck Norris thought he was wrong once, but he was mistaken.
Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.
